This Xuanyin Sect saint girl is about to marry my clan
It's the rule of the two races
only
In recent years, our sect has regarded this Xuanyin sect as
More and more disdain for Tianzong
Every time you go to Xuanyin Sect for marriage
They ask us to pass the test
So many years
So many true disciples went to the trial
It's either death or injury
Hey, it's really embarrassing.
Originally this time
It should be my eldest apprentice Wang Tao
Go to Broken Love
Since that little brother wants to be the sect master
Then he should go.
You say yes.
Grand Elder
The Saintess of Xuanyun Sect has reached the ninth rank of Golden Core
Antelope gas meter
Isn't this the way to go?
Haha Yutai crown
must bear the weight
Since this antelope wants to be the sect master
Then why don't we give him a chance?
Let him prove himself, right?
Ahahahaha
The elders are really ruthless
Let me be a training wife
To face a golden pill nine-pin
It's not for me to die
What are you afraid of?
If you are afraid, don't be the sect master
I'm afraid I don't know what it is at all
But this deity wants to help with a sword technique
This is the five caves of my Tianzong
Little brother, which technique do you need?
OK
Wave ruler
Are you sure I can give you another chance?
It doesn't have to be his great elder.
Although this wave ruler is an ordinary trace
But that's enough for this little brother
Just give it to him
OK, but I want one more thing.
Hahahaha
A country man is a country man
You see rusted earth iron
He actually took him as a guide
Just laughed out loud, hahahahaha
This sword is a hero
Next, it's up to our Sect Master Dai
I didn't expect it.
This personal sword that plunges the benefactor into the ground in one fell swoop
Entering the city
That being the case
The little brother is broken
Slow and ritual